But then you will be dissolved in darkness.
Who then will tell about you?
And in the end I will part with the soul,
What will happen to the body?
Maybe I'm just a shadow?
I see a goal:
Be yourself all the time, rule the whole army.
I know myself -
For the victory I will give everything that burned in my heart!
(I'll give it all)
But when you are dissolved in darkness,
Who then will tell about you?
And who will remember the whisper "Forgive ..."?
At the end of the path ...
No, I'm not afraid.
I'm not afraid to leave!
(Not afraid!)
(Not afraid to leave ...)
It was holy, but for every sin I would not condemn you.
Everything would start from scratch.
Let life sometimes not like everyone else
But I more than not was.
Stand up again.
I will not fall for victory in the sky!
But when you are dissolved in darkness,
Who then will tell about you?
And who will remember the whisper "Forgive ..."?
At the end of the path ...
No, I'm not afraid,
I'm not afraid to leave.
But then you will be dissolved in darkness.
Who then will tell about you?
And who will remember the whisper "Forgive ..."?
At the end of the path ...
No, I'm not afraid!
I'm not afraid to leave!
(Who will remember the whisper "Forgive ..."?)
At the end of the path ...
No, I'm not afraid!
I'm not afraid to leave!
(Not afraid!)
(Not afraid to leave ...)
(No, I am not afraid!..)